Add  os install instructions (#52)
pi-top/pi-top-4-.NET-Core-API: README.md

 * if you do not have it, create the folder `/home/pi/localNuget`
 * pack the projects with `> sh tools/pack.sh 1.1.1` it will package the project into the `/home/pi/localnuget` using version 1.1.1

> Note: persistent issues during `nuget restore` could be related to `ca-certificates.conf` issues. Installing the latest version of pi-topOS/Raspberry Pi OS should fix this. Follow the instructions on the [pi-top knowledge base](https://knowledgebase.pi-top.com/knowledge/sdcard) to reinstall the latest available version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: persistent issues during `nuget restore` could be related to `ca-certificates.conf` issues. Installing the latest version of pi-topOS/Raspberry Pi OS should fix this. Follow the instructions on the [pi-top knowledge base](https://knowledgebase.pi-top.com/knowledge/sdcard) to reinstall the latest available version.

```

 * if you do not have it, create the folder `/home/pi/localNuget`
 * pack the projects with `> sh tools/pack.sh 1.1.1` it will package the project into the `/home/pi/localnuget` using version 1.1.1

> If you are having issues during nuget restore that could be related to `ca-certificates.conf` issues. 
> Follow the instructions [here](https://knowledgebase.pi-top.com/knowledge/sdcard) to reinstall the OS with the latest published version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: persistent issues during `nuget restore` could be related to `ca-certificates.conf` issues. Installing the latest version of pi-topOS/Raspberry Pi OS should fix this. Follow the instructions on the [pi-top knowledge base](https://knowledgebase.pi-top.com/knowledge/sdcard) to reinstall the latest available version.
```
